And you have to come first.
If you're dead, you're not immortal.
Without the pose of the Lord
If you can't die
Then I will give you the throne of the Holy Master
After all, I, Ye Huan, don't care what Holy Master
You fart
Do you think I'm stupid?
If I lose, I die
How the hell do I know if you're beheading me or not?
You brought this up.
If you don't dare, be your dog.
Also, you've been rude to me from the beginning
I could kill you right now.
I wanted him to behead
If my husband
Isn't that me?
Even if you do a great job
But I'm dead too
In that case
It has nothing to do with me
I'll give you five minutes.
If you don't do it by then
It means you don't have the courage to embarrass yourself
Then climb back from here
Climb back to Ye's house and continue to drink milk
When you plan your deity
You're doomed to be out of this area
To put it bluntly, you have to gamble now
You have to gamble
So that the major shareholders can all watch
You're a fucking psychopath
years
Team Leader Nangong
Ye Shao is afraid that if you don't agree, you have to agree
The palm is already here
You have to see blood
And you are not like us, I am the team leader
You as a junior
Can't let us do it in person?